types/basetypes: Add Tuple type support (#870)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/handling-data/types/tuple.mdx

---
page_title: 'Plugin Development - Framework: Tuple Type'
description: >-
  Learn the tuple value type in the provider development framework.
---

<Note>

> The tuple type intentionally includes less functionality than other types in the type system as it has limited real world application and therefore is not exposed to provider developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tuple type intentionally includes less functionality than other types in the type system as it has limited real world application and therefore is not exposed to provider developers except when working with dynamic values.
```

</Note>

# Tuple Type

Tuple types store an ordered collection of elements where each element has it's own type. Values must have **exactly** the same number of elements (no more and no fewer), and the value in each position must match the specified type for that position.

The tuple type is used to express Terraform's [tuple type constraint](/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints#tuple).

## Schema Definitions

> The tuple type is currently not supported in schema definitions of provider, data sources, or managed resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tuple type is not supported in schema definitions of provider, data sources, or managed resources as it has limited real world application.
```
